This is a head gum original.
Downboard and...
There you go.
No way.
We still can't hear you.
Is this the bit?
This is all play.
Episode one.
This is his plan the whole time.
He's not going back for 45 minutes.
Yeah.
How are you guys doing?
How's your cock, Grayson?
There's no getting away from this.
Here we go.
Nope.
You cannot hear us?
All right.
And then can you hear this?
Yes.
Great.
All right.
We should have done the thing where even when he comes back,
we all pretend to still not hear him.
That was a disaster.
I'm going to see how much of that I can keep in.
But first let's talk about Joel's shirt.
So I texted all of you.
This is the Tuesday before this episode comes out on this Friday saying,
Hey, sorry for the last minute ask.
Can you guys do this show?
You're all here.
Thank you very much.
Joel said should we all wear the same outfit?
Not only is there one more person than usual on today's episode.
But to assume that any of us have the same shirt enough to wear it to match beyond a white tea
and more specifically manscaped.
It's a travesty.
I actually do have a manscaped shirt.
I just chose not to wear it.
There's no way.
I do.
I do too.
I do not have a manscaped.
Yeah.
I'm a brand and ball cedore.
That's really good.
How has that not ever been pitched to them?
This is like ad agencies never know what to do.
But let's talk about it.
How do you guys manscaped?
It's pretty self explanatory.
Not like how do you do it.
But like what do you like to keep?
Great.
Grayson.
I'll pass.
That's how this episode is going to go.
You could plug to keep it.
I like to keep a trim.
Sure.
It's scorched earth for me.
What do you mean you were burned?
No.
Laser hair.
Actually from the waist down.
There's no way.
It's all hair.
Yeah.
Why?
I like to be slick and smooth, man.
Joel.
How do you manscaped?
Yeah.
I like the trim.
What I didn't fact get a Brazilian.
Not too long ago.
When and why?
And where?
This was actually the week before I started working at head gum.
So you wanted to be ready for the treat never so bad.
It was exactly that.
I came in last in my fantasy football league.
Oh, there you go.
So was it incredibly painful?
It was.
I explained.
I explained like the the bet situation.
I was like, oh, it's going to take a little easier.
You know, I don't really care about this Brazilian so much.
And the woman said, no, you paid for Brazilian.
I'm going to give you a Brazilian.
So.
What?
Good.
For a principle.
A waxer of principle.
Yeah.
She's a perfectionist.
Which you do want if you're getting a Brazilian.
Yeah.
I heard a little.
I just would rather it hurt a lot and be perfect.
Yeah.
That makes sense to me.
We also, we should get her on this show because she's great at waxing.
That was pretty good.
Casey, who do you think is the best dressed on the pod today?
And don't say Joel for the love of God.
Oh, wow.
You know?
Brad's already celebrating.
Yeah, Brad.
Brad does look pretty good.
Brad and Jeff are wearing similar outfits though.
Yeah, but Brad both of his items of clothes like one up me.
Like my t-shirt is fine.
His is good.
And then your hat looks like it costs actual money instead of being found on a street.
Yeah, Brad, what does it say in your hat?
Channel, channel five.
Channel five news.
Shut up.
Yeah, Brad.
Brad takes it for me.
For me.
I feel like I was going to give it to Brad until he said that.
What which locally news up to me or not up to you.
You.
I just am shocked.
He already said me, Jeff.
All right.
Congratulations.
Brad.
Thank you.
Joel.
I'm glad you're back on the show because your debut episode.
I've never prepared anything.
And I feel like it puts you in a really tough spot.
It did.
So this time you also didn't prepare.
This time I had shit.
You texted us like two hours ago.
Yeah, but I had an episode outline.
I changed the last segment to be more specific.
Here's the life update for me.
I had COVID two Saturday days ago till this upcoming this past Saturday.
And then I had to move all my shit.
I already told Joel this.
Um, over the weekend.
And so I'm fucking exhausted.
I still feel.
Run down.
Body sore.
Mine, isn't right.
Throde is feeling still.
Honestly.
Little tight.
And I don't know who to ask for help from in general.
Forget how I'm feeling today.
Was this thought you were going to wrap in the middle there when the middle part
Yeah, I was waiting for what kind of song was coming up.
How many times have you had COVID now?
That's going to be, I'm in the three timers club.
You're the only one.
No, I know.
And I also did nothing like dirt until I got vaccinated.
So I'm actually pissed about it.
Like I went nowhere.
I was locked down, locked down,
did everything right according to CDC shit.
And even then some, and now I've had it three times.
How is that fair to me?
You get a CDC warning on this video.
I've got a lot of CDC warnings on shit.
Even shit that I don't mention vaccines.
I don't mention COVID.
They're just like, just this might give you a virus.
If you look at this photo of him.
Let's talk about everybody's.
Let's just get it over with.
I hate doing this segment, but I have to commit to it because I think it will eventually get funny again.
Um.
I bond to the week as Dakota Johnson.
It's time for a bondage.
That'll do.
bond DSM.
Honestly, they already did that.
And Casino Royale, the guys doing like cock and ball torture on his ass.
On his ass or.
Imagine that scene every time the like roaps swung up and hit him.
It went into his ass and then back out.
That would be as painful, I think.
Brad, are you into CBT?
CBT?
Call torture.
Fuck.
No.
Or is that more of a Joel thing?
I mean, you did get a Brazilian.
Yeah.
It was primed.
Um, do you guys have any bond to the week?
You don't all have to have one this week.
I do.
Yeah.
Uh.
Great.
Um.
Uh.
Daniel Craig.
That's a good one.
Thank you.
I thought so.
I feel like you do well.
Yeah.
You're like first week working at a casting office.
I feel like you've done it before.
The one thing like there's a bunch of actors on the board.
The thing with these guys is they haven't proven themselves like Craig.
We know he can do it.
Why wouldn't we just go with the sure thing?
Uh, Brad.
Sean Connery's ghost.
Is he dead?
Yeah.
He is dead.
I thought you were going to say Sean Kingston.
All right.
He's saying that beautiful girl songs.
Yeah.
And I five.
Plus with Sean, you don't have to pay a second celebrity to write the theme song.
A Sean Kingston bomb theme.
Where all them beautiful girls.
Bomb girls.
Yeah.
That was just the song.
They can reuse it.
It fits.
Um.
All right.
Nobody has any other bond of weeks.
Then I take it into the news of the day here.
Um.
Side by side, Florida mansions built for identical twins asks 54 million dollars.
So wait.
You said at the beginning that you had prepared for this episode, right?
This is me preparing.
Okay.
Yeah.
And the two versions built for identical twins are coming on the market together for 54 million dollars.
Each.
Uh, for the pair.
So it's actually kind of a deal.
Yeah.
Where in Florida?
Glad you asked.
Um, I think Fort Lauderdale.
I'm from those parts.
Really?
Oh, lucky to get in southwest ranches.
I don't know where that is.
Yeah.
Sounds like a good deal.
Are they identical or?
Honestly.
Yeah.
Kind of.
I mean, you want to see this?
Yeah.
Like I feel like these houses have as about as many differences as physically the twins might.
But the mansions are also identical.
I mean, it seems to be, I mean, this tower isn't on this one.
Honestly, if I'm choosing between the two, I'm leaning this way.
Yeah.
I feel like I'm looking at one of those, like, spot the difference.
Uh, games.
Yeah.
But you don't know what this one looks like on the other side or vice versa.
Does it say anything about the twins that they were built for?
Was it like the fucking island boys or something?
Yeah.
So they're owned by a chiropractor Robert Lewin and his wife, Lisa Lewin.
But that's not actually the twins.
Okay.
Do you subscribe to the Wall Street Journal?
I don't.
I have Apple news though, which I think gives you some limited access to every publication.
Uh, how about this?
A prominent scientist posted a an image of a distant star he said was taken by the web telescope.
It was actually a slice of chorizo.
I heard about this.
Yeah.
Was it was this a prank?
Uh, yeah.
I don't, well, I don't know if it was a joke or not.
That's the issue.
When, when I first saw this, I thought it was that tick talk that how he Mandel posted of the prolapse
Stainace.
Mm-hmm.
Have you guys seen that?
Right.
Yeah.
I have seen that.
How he Mandel just posted a tick talk of a prolapse
Stainace and it went super viral.
He's a weird dude.
Kim Kardashian once he didn't know that.
Who wants that?
No.
It's fine.
Kim Kardashian once you don't know that her bones are extremely dense.
She wants food and now.
How?
Who specifically are you talking to?
Oh.
Kim.
Call me.
Um, yeah.
She also, uh, did a body skin.
Um, 18.8% body fat.
So I think she was reaching out to Grace and to see if Rocky Mountain athletics
would be able to get her down to 15.
And he's two weeks in a row of great plugs.
Yeah.
Great.
Grace and you are like a fitness guy.
This is a good question for you.
And Brad, you are too.
But you're like, like, the way Brad does fitness.
It's like, oh, he's just having fun in his life.
He's incorporating into his life.
Grace and on Instagram, it looks like he's putting himself through like physical and mental
anguish just to feel something.
Anyway, Grace and specifically, what do you think the best body fat to have is?
Like the best body fat percentage.
Yeah.
And then also what type of body fat.
I'm going to go with 7.7%.
So it's a joke answer.
Are you being serious?
I mean, that would be cool to have.
If you had that, you'd be real.
But like for health, what do you say?
Probably in the 10 to 15 range.
Actually, I'm just going to go 15.
That's going to be my answer.
Final answer.
Lock it in.
All right.
What are you at?
I'm at, well, my thing said 12, but I don't buy that.
What thing?
The like scale thing that you hold.
The fucking the electricity thing.
The monitor.
A plumber told me that I looked about 10% of the fat.
And I took his word as gospel.
But I think I'm probably more like 14 or 15.
That's perfect.
And I'd like to get down to like 10 or 7 points.
I'm a dietitian and it's not time to stop.
That's the lodge.
Pathological pathologizing emotional eating.
It's okay.
You're feeling sometimes.
Says Christine Byrne.
Is this news?
The publication is called self.
And hand.
Well, this says, okay, so there's a poll quote too.
That's not even like a part of the rest of it.
And it just kind of yells at you that, of course, food is emotional.
This is not only like an op-ed, but a puff piece.
Jeff, what's the least emotional food?
That's a really good do you have an answer?
I mean, what I just saw on the screen was soy land,
which is what I was thinking is kind of the least emotional food.
That's like tech.
That's not even food.
What is this?
This is my favorite one of so far.
Um, Casey, I want you to read this headline.
We bought a bargain of Italian home and added an elevator.
That was the news.
That's the news that we'll see in it.
I'm Anderson Cooper.
Yeah, but there's Italian homes for like rock bottom prices.
I wonder if the five of us go in on sort of a bachelorino pad.
Yeah, what's rock bottom in Italy?
Uh, that's going to be the better part of $10 million.
Hmm.
No, I think they, I think you, I had, and I felt this account on Instagram called cheap dream homes,
and you can get a place for like less than $200,000, like a three-bit room.
Oh, where?
In Italy?
I wish.
My peoleer Vermont.
Uh, no, in Italy, yeah.
Like the country said.
So two of us have just bunk up.
Or two groups of us.
Well, Brad's not invited because it's only for bachelorino's.
That's fine.
Your voice cracked.
I think he's going to cry.
I'm fine.
Uh, all right.
We do have to take a quick break, but when we come back, we're going to put together something I'm
think is really special.
Now a word from our sponsor better help.
Guys, how well would you take care of your car?
If you had to keep the same one for the rest of your life, right?
That's how our brains work.
So why don't we treat them that way?
How we care for our minds affects how we experience life.
So it's important to invest time and care into keeping them healthy.
And there are plenty of ways to support a healthy brain, like learning a new language,
or taking power and apps, and then there's also better help online therapy.
Now I go to therapy every week.
Uh, I've talked about it a lot.
On these ad reads, but it just, you know, the reason I go to therapy, and this is real,
is to not only, so I can feel better about things and deal with my anxieties,
and, you know, you know, the trials and tribulations that life will throughout,
you know, no matter what your position in life is.
Um, but also it's just so that I show up for people in my real personal life,
as the best version of myself.
Because I think if you love people, you love the people around you,
whether romantically, familially, or just friendship, level,
love, you owe it to them to be the best version of yourself.
And anything less is unacceptable.
Better offers online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chats.
Only therapy sessions.
Uh, so you don't have to see anybody on camera if you don't want to.
It's also much more affordable than in-person therapy,
and you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours.
It listeners of the Hegging Podcast get 10% off.
You there first month at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's better help.
Guys, it's time to bring that summer heat into the bedroom.
That's right.
This episode is sponsored by Blue Choo.
Guys, confidence can take you far in life.
It can also help in the bedroom.
Especially when it comes to stepping up to the plate.
And that's where Blue Choo comes in.
Blue Choo is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients
as Viagra and Cialis, but insurable tablets at a fraction of the cost.
You can take them anytime, day or night, so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever
an opportunity arises.
The process is simple, right?
Sign up at bluechoo.com, consult with one of their licensed medical providers,
and once you're approved, you'll receive their prescription within days.
And the best part is it's all done online.
So no embarrassing visits to the doctor's office,
awkward conversations, and no waiting in line at the pharmacy.
Blue Choo's tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped
direct to your door in a discrete package.
So no one has to know.
And it's ideal.
I mean, with Blue Choo, people everywhere are excited to see the postman,
right?
Because your package has arrived and your package has arrived.
They always say in first impressions are important,
but what about lasting impressions?
Right?
This is actually really good ad coffee.
Sorry, I shouldn't have even said that.
It's amazing.
It's time to get off the couch and back to work.
Your tool needs an upgrade, so head to bluechoo.com.
I got to be honest, I'm interested in taking this just for fun.
I want to see how good it is, how up I can get, you know?
So if you could benefit from the extra confidence when it's time to perform,
Blue Choo can help, chew it and do it.
And we've got a special deal for listeners of the Hegging Podcast.
Try Blue Choo free when you use promo code.
What's that?
Check out just pay five dollars shipping.
That's BlueChoo.com promo code.
What's that to receive your first month free?
Visit BlueChoo.com for more details and important safety information.
And we thank BlueChoo for sponsoring the show.
Thanks BlueChoo.
All right, August 16th.
This episode comes out August, I think,
19th summer is nary four weeks, nion ending.
Right?
And so I think that we have to maximize our summers in a certain way.
With specific regards to swinging that thing.
Let's talk about our 2022 summer bucket lists.
What I, this is real.
I want us all to come up with one sexual activity that we'd like to take part in.
And then I want to have the same group on on September 22nd,
the fall solstice this and report back.
How was it?
Do we like it?
You know, maybe choose something that you're not sure if you're going to like it or not.
Okay, I have a good answer for this.
What's here?
Shakespeare in the park.
And is that, yeah?
Is that a position?
One of your legs is spread wide like the stage.
The world's the stage.
Ha ha ha.
Um, care to elaborate.
Uh, no, I just think it's a great summer outdoor activity to go and see with someone special.
So you want to go on a date there and then just have normal sex afterwards.
It won't be normal.
But.
Holy shit.
That's fucking awesome, Joel.
I was just talking to somebody about something I want to try.
But I don't know if I want to divulge it here.
And I don't even remember what it is.
I would just say it.
But I'm like, what was the thing that I was sheepish to bring up to a friend?
Okay.
He wants us to like, beg for him to say it.
No, I don't know what it is.
I kind of want to go last.
Brad, you're married.
So this is really attainable.
Yeah.
I can do whatever I want.
Um, no, you have a partner that you trust that you can have communication with and say, hey, this is something I want to try next four weeks.
You wish.
I think we should have we should have my wife on the show.
I think I would love we did a therapy episode between a mirror and obviously, I'd love to do that for you.
And what's your name, Winona?
No.
Shot in the dark.
But what if it was it?
Not not close.
Grace.
And no.
Hilled.
Grace and.
Grace and Hilled.
Middle name.
Yeah.
Nigella.
Hmm.
Uh, no, what's your wife's name?
First and last.
To Meret.
Okay.
Yeah.
Brad looks like he's going to beat the shit out of me.
I think.
When you look at what I did, I didn't say anything.
Um.
Some are fucking at least.
I don't know.
There's a couple waterfalls we want to run to.
Remy, each other under.
There's a.
Like, I feel like you guys are treating those normally just like as a bucket list, which is fine.
We can also do that, but I'm wondering if we answer the real question first.
I mean, I brought up the how we mandal.
Prolapse to anus.
That's that's a medical emergency.
That's not.
You're in the middle of the forest, not near any medical help.
And depending on Brad's landscaping.
So is the prolapse danis.
I mean, they say don't go chase in waterfalls.
Right.
So don't go.
I also feel like you just did chase waterfalls over the weekend.
I saw it on your Instagram story.
Yeah, I went on a run.
Casey.
Um.
Well, I'm not really, you know, dating right now and probably won't be.
But the end of the summer.
But shakes him in the park sounds pretty good.
Are you going in New York?
Or are you going to start doing hamlet at Griffith?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I'll go to the old zoo and start doing hamlet.
And then, you know, see what happens.
Go and ham.
Yeah.
Um.
You've a nine, some.
Yeah.
You know what?
That's that's my.
Fuck it with someone who would nine, so.
In the next four weeks.
You know, talking dirty and rhyming couplets.
I had a.
I had a pent up.
Fuck me.
I got up.
All my pent up sexual tension.
And I am a pentameter.
That's good.
That was easy.
Um.
Grayson, let's get yours in real fast.
That's what she said.
Oh, he cut out and it's almost a blessing in this kind of.
I think he did that on purpose.
How can you hear him?
Can you hear me now?
There you go.
Ah.
Okay.
Well, we'll just move on.
All right.
Full steam ahead.
Here we go.
Welcome to Joel's goals.
Joel, from one to ten, how successful do you consider yourself right now?
I think success is something you can always strive for and never fully attain.
So one.
Yeah.
You don't think so?
No.
You can gram Nash is sitting in the East Village being like, I have more to do.
Who's gram Nash?
Forget it.
Just.
If you had to describe a numerical value.
All right.
Let's say like a three.
I disagree with that as well.
I put you out of seven.
That's also because we have differing opinions on your ceiling.
You think I'm pretty close to it.
It's too as good as you can get.
No, I just, but I mean, to your point though, there's always room for growth, right?
And so I thought that we could talk about some of your goals that you have for yourself.
And then we could talk about maybe how we come into the fold of Joel's goals.
How can we be of service to that, that I ask.
And then also what are goals that we may be see for you that you didn't even think possible or probable for yourself.
Got it.
That's good.
Let's start with you.
What tangible goals?
I know this is very similar to the summer bucket list.
But that was what we had said.
This is only for Joel.
And it's about for the rest of the year goals.
It could be about sex.
It could be not.
That you see for yourself that you've set through yourself.
Heights you want to sort to.
It's a tough question.
I would like to make it to 26.
That will be one.
And what is that?
September 15th.
Virgo.
Yeah.
Get that on time.
I like that.
Thanks.
That's a goal of mine.
That's it.
It's sort of like don't die.
The baseline survived.
Let's go up a couple steps on the pyramid.
You know, get to maybe some more like fun goals.
Yeah.
Sure.
Actually on my birthday, I'm going to be in Portland or Oregon,
not sure which one or I'm not sure if I'll actually be in Portland.
So one goal will be a successful Oregon road trip.
That I'm going on.
That's fun.
Brad.
Oh, we've already.
We've already toned by them.
Okay.
Invite him.
Yeah.
All right.
So Joel's two goals are going to Portland and not dying until September 15th.
Um, are there other slides?
I thought you were going to move on sort of you had set the goals out for me.
Is that not?
I mean, I have some ideas.
Okay.
But I want to hear from you guys first.
Casey and Grayson, do you guys have any case in for short?
Do you guys have any ways that maybe you could help.
Joel attain these two goals.
Grayson, maybe you and Joel could work out that helps him.
Uh, you know, whether it's a Rocky Mountain athletics in Denver, Colorado or, uh,
or is it Boulder?
Uh, it's Denver.
Denver, Colorado or whether it's, you know, just in New York.
Keeping his life force strong and vital.
Absolutely.
Joel, let's talk.
I think let's talk offline about that.
Um, good.
And then Casey, maybe you could pay.
I'm sorry to even say, but his airfare to Portland at the huge.
Um, Joel, we'll talk about it offline.
This sucks.
Um, all right.
Well, Brad's already helping.
So I guess that's a good outcome of this segment and not prior conversations.
Um,
now I think it's time that we lob up some goals for Joel.
We talk about the slide again.
Why?
I just noticed you got the same font across the board this time.
It's an improvement.
Huge.
Yeah.
I did a slide last week.
Um, right.
I didn't match the font of breaking bed.
I think it looked a little better if you, uh, kind of.
Fix the kerning a bit.
Hmm.
I think if he stretched out goals.
So it's, uh, kind of even with Joel's and look a little bit better.
Yeah.
That is kind of off putting.
But the S is sort of line up.
I wonder if that's good sort of.
But like, not really actually.
I wonder if that's it.
All right.
I'll just kick things off.
Yeah.
Next slide.
Uh, I guess.
I mean, speaking of a body fat percentage.
Joel, what if you got down to 2.5% body fat?
Unhealthy.
Yeah.
That sounds really bad.
There's actively against goal number one.
Yeah.
I think not only is that I'm going to go to Shakespeare in the park at 2.5.
That's awesome.
Wouldn't last an act.
You take one step in your apartment, not even out and you just shatter.
Yeah.
I do think that that goes beyond the essential fat you need to survive to enough to breathe.
But I just wonder, I mean, it's like, you know, reach for the stars land on the clouds.
You know, maybe you reach for 2.5 and you get to like nine.
Yeah.
Actually, the last time I was in the podcast, we discussed how I wouldn't mind bulking up with that.
It's so bad.
So, Joel, both of you up is one of your goals.
Oh.
Yeah.
I'd like to add 2.5 to whatever my BMI is.
That's good.
I mean, you're probably going to like what's seven pounds?
What?
What is renewable?
Sorry.
All right.
What about journaling less?
Just to save some paper.
Yeah.
No.
That's a great call.
I mean, it's sort of good for the world and me.
In more than one way, too, like not even just like saving paper for the environment,
but also just making sure your thoughts stay up here.
Yeah.
Make me a less thoughtful person as I interact with the world.
Brad Hill.
Yeah.
Joel's goals.
I don't want to be the only one dominating the conversation.
You don't.
I don't know, man.
He said he wants to.
What else else?
Was that on purpose?
Did you guys see that?
Why does that?
Joel's else.
That'll be our end of the year episode.
Knowing we just had anything.
We found all the goals that he failed on.
Um, I don't know.
You made a, you made a pretty nice looking.
What was it an eggplant parm?
The other day, Joel.
That's true.
Have a little bit of a party.
Maybe hosting more dinner parties.
Maybe sending an invite.
It's funny.
That ended up as our when we were on our retreat.
There was the whole like whatever that thing was.
Fast forward thing.
That was one of my goals was hosting dinner more dinner parties.
You also, I think mentioned it on the last episode.
You're on of this show.
So that's our dream.
All right.
That was, that was me and you offline, Jeffrey.
Okay.
I just thought that that was maybe a Joel's goal that you got a hold of.
What about calling friends more out?
So like calling like, I don't know.
Fucking English out on her bullshit.
More often in terms of English.
There's nothing to call out English on.
Really?
She's great.
Great to be in the office with.
She's awesome.
Has she been on the podcast?
No, she was almost on this week's episode when it was going to be yesterday,
but it wasn't possible.
Anyway.
All right.
What about not buying things you need?
Going without.
Yes.
Yeah, that's good.
I actually would like to be more minimalist.
I think about it every time I move,
I'm kind of like, I wish I owned nothing.
That's where I'm at right now.
I mean, like, I've weigh less closet storage.
And these two boxes, I just have nowhere to put them.
And they're full.
You could get rid of them.
Yeah, but they're both kind of essential.
There's other stuff.
The bottom one's closed.
The top one is sort of a bucket list thing.
Get out your car and then put that junk on your bike as a goal.
I don't have a car.
Do we like?
Yeah.
Okay.
New goal.
Trading your bike for a strike.
What's better than two wheels?
Four.
But three will do.
Can sell my track and get a car.
I feel like we're having a fun time conversation.
Because they started Joel's goals.
Everybody's gone quiet.
Except for Joel who's kind of in the hot seat,
which is uncomfortable for him.
I can take it.
Go to the dentist and prove them wrong.
I do not need a feeling, sir.
And let me tell you why.
Last one, by less plastic.
You know, maybe more like polyester and nylon.
That's plastic.
What's that?
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, Joel's goals is over.
That was Joel's goals.
It is helpful having four guests instead of three because
sort of spreads the poison across equally.
So everybody gets instead of like 33%.
You guys are all getting 25%.
Of the poison?
Yeah.
Or does it not feel that way?
I definitely feel poisoned.
Yeah.
That's all I had.
We can do plugs.
We can end it.
Or if you guys have any grievances or fun facts or anything you want to share.
You know, I want this to be an open form.
What do you guys think of circumcision?
I saw that being debated on Twitter today.
Plums.
I think.
Yeah.
Let's talk about it.
My body, my choice really.
Yeah.
Wow.
Was it your choice though?
Yeah.
No, it was not my choice.
That's a, I feel like you're arguing for not circumcision.
Yeah.
Adult circumcisions.
Okay.
You're arguing against adult circumcisions?
No.
I think only adults should be circumcised.
What about a, like, a...
If you should be.
Maybe.
Okay.
I was like, wait.
That's the, maybe the weirdest take you could have.
No baby should be circumcised, but every 18 year old should.
What about getting it put back on?
Not that.
I can't think.
I can't believe we're not there yet with the science of it all, you know?
Yeah.
Like, we don't have the technology to regrow four skin.
You could get a BBL.
Yeah.
But I can't get a,
an F.S.
I.
What about a B.M. BBL?
So it's like a BBL that has like blackberry messenger capabilities.
Yeah.
Oh, I got that.
You can follow me on Twitter at Jeff Boyardee.
We're 250 away from 10,000.
Again, I actually will post a photo of my ass somewhere.
I have to figure out where that's legal.
Once we get to 10,000, I already have the photo ready.
And let's kick it off to Casey.
Uh, you can follow me on Twitter at Casey Donnie here.
Follow me on letter box at Casey Donnie here.
That's it.
Oh, Casey, have you seen the black phone?
I have.
Yes.
What did you think about it?
Uh, I liked it for the most part.
Um,
Yeah.
I, I, I saw a few months ago.
So I'm kind of having a hard time remembering what exactly happened.
But it was a good little thriller.
Yeah.
I thought it was good because it was maybe jump scare a little bit.
But like some of this normal conversation dialogue.
Nobody would say under those circumstances.
Like children are going missing every day.
And then the, the daughter is like,
And don't eat all the ice cream before I get home.
And I'm like, what?
But also I don't think she was a great actor.
Oh, shots fired.
I'll look, I'll go toe to toe with this fucker.
All right.
Get the little fucker on the fucking show.
And I'll tell her everything she did wrong.
Okay.
Well, no, hang on.
Because I don't actually want her to like, her feelings to get in her.
And I just want to be honest.
Okay, man.
That's how people respond when someone's being a real asshole.
Uh, Joel plugs.
Yeah.
Um, you can get at me on the gram.
At Joelman's honor.
And where could people come at you?
Like, where do you live in New York?
If they want to fight you.
Uh, meet me at Shakespeare in the park.
Fuck out.
Oh, fellow style.
Who's it going to be?
Okay.
It's a real power struggle here.
It's like who wants to get out of here enough to go first so that we can finish the
plugs, but also who wants to be man enough to go last and hold out.
Yeah.
Joel, okay.
She replaced bets.
I think Grayson's going to cave first because he also has to listen to this entire
episode back again in the next two days to edit it.
Brad is home free as soon as he helps.
Yeah.
Yeah, but then Grayson can also cut it.
So he finishes first even if he goes second.
That is true.
I'll go.
Follow Rocky Mountain Athletic on Instagram.
This is an interesting strategy strategic move because you're going first but you're
plugging Grayson shit.
Yeah, I'm kind of big time in him.
Wow.
Yeah.
Brad just has like eight more 10 more 15 more dogs come in.
It's like against the lie, I think.
Every time he plugs Rocky Mountain another one appears.
And follow Brad on Instagram at Brad the human.
Follow Grayson at Gray Kay Wise.
And go to Rocky Mountain Athletics and run up a waterfall if you've got time.
Gray Kay, we get it.
Do you ever do that?
No.
I'm going to kill myself.
Oh my god.
That's how my piece of paper.
The next episode.
We just don't post anything in the feed.
And we don't bring it up at all.
It's just Angie for five minutes being like this is where the service is going to be.
It's at Shakespeare in the park.
That was a hit dumb original.